Remove deprecated functions from ReactiveStreamStore (#1780)
anza-xyz/kit: packages/subscribable/README.md

### `ReactiveStreamStore<T>`

> This type represents a reactive store that holds the latest value published to a data channel. It exposes a `{ getState, retry, subscribe }` contract compatible with `useSyncExternalStore`, Svelte stores, and other reactive primitives.

Reviewer: This contract list is now stale — `retry()` was removed in this PR. It also reads better if it actually names the actionable members alongside `getState` / `subscribe`. Suggested rewrite:

```suggestion
This type represents a reactive store that holds the latest value published to a data channel. It exposes a `{ connect, getState, reset, subscribe }` contract compatible with `useSyncExternalStore`, Svelte stores, and other reactive primitives.
```
